18.00 - Add Connector Metrics info (#1051)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/connections/index.md

- You cannot edit transformations.
- Play tier users, refer to [Tenant Quotas and Limits](../references/quotas) to view limits on number of connections. Keep in mind that each connection workflow also adds one collection, and each transformation adds one stream worker.
- When you add a target, you only capture subsequent inserts, updates, and deletes made on the data after the connection is made. Truncating the collection does not count as deleting records in this case.
- To support actions such as deleting records using workflows, Macrometa transfers additional metadata such as `_sdc_deleted_at`.

> - Metadata size is included in metrics calculations retrieved using the [Retrieve Metrics API](https://www.macrometa.com/docs/api#/operations/getMetrics). This means that metric sizes such as `exported_bytes` might not be identical to the total size of the data in the target table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Metadata size is included in metrics calculations retrieved using the [Retrieve Metrics API](https://www.macrometa.com/docs/api#/operations/getMetrics). This means that metric sizes such as `exported_bytes` might not be identical to the total size of the data in the source collection.
```
